c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestProject.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestProject.pdb
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestClassLibrary.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestClassLibrary.pdb
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.dll
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\obj\Debug\TestProject.pdb
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\TestProject.dll.config
c:\Users\jepoy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XUnit_PluralSight\TestProject\bin\Debug\data.csv
